Fix snapshots with defer measurements (#7335)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> * Snapshots can now be used together with defer-measurements on `default.qubit`.

Author: ```suggestion
* A fix was made to `DefualtQubit.preprocess` to allow for use of snapshots with defer-measurements on `default.qubit`.
  [(#7335)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7335)
```
That ok?

> * Snapshots can now be used together with defer-measurements on `default.qubit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A fix was made to `default.qubit` to allow for using `qml.Snapshot` with defer-measurements.
```

Good point! "A fix" was pointing to `Snapshot`. How about this with using more user-facing jargon?

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> * A fix was made to `default.qubit` to allow for using `qml.Snapshot` with defer-measurements.
>   [(#7335)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7335)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A fix was made to `default.qubit` to allow for using `qml.Snapshot` with defer-measurements (`mcm_method="deferred"`).
  [(#7335)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7335)
```
